README.md, before:

# DISCORD.JS UTILS COMMANDS

## Description

This is a collection of commands that I use in my discord bots. I hope you find them useful.

## PREREQUISITES

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Discord.js](https://discord.js.org/#/)
- A bot like [bot-discord.js-base](https://github.com/Eliott-B/bot-discord.js-base)

## INSTALLATION

1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Eliott-B/discord.js-utils-commands
```

2. Copy the folder `commands` in your bot folder.  

## COMMANDS

### `ping`

This command is used to check if the bot is online.

### `version`

This command is used to check the version of the bot.

## CONTRIBUTORS

- [Eliott-B](https://github.com/Eliott-B)

## LICENSE

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

## HELP

If you need help, you can contact me on Discord: `.eliottb`

## DONATE

If you want to support me, you can donate on [BuyMeACoffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/eliottb)

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/eliottb"><img src="https://img.buymeacoffee.com/button-api/?text=Buy me a coffee&emoji=&slug=eliottb&button_colour=FFDD00&font_colour=000000&font_family=Cookie&outline_colour=000000&coffee_colour=ffffff" /></a>

Commit message:

📃 | Add clear and Discord.js Modules prerequisites

README.md, after:

# DISCORD.JS UTILS COMMANDS

## Description

This is a collection of commands that I use in my discord bots. I hope you find them useful.

## PREREQUISITES

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Discord.js](https://discord.js.org/#/)
- A bot like [bot-discord.js-base](https://github.com/Eliott-B/bot-discord.js-base)
- [Discord.j Modules](https://github.com/Eliott-B/discord.js-modules)

## INSTALLATION

1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Eliott-B/discord.js-utils-commands
```

2. Copy the folder `commands` in your bot folder.  

## COMMANDS

### `ping`

This command is used to check if the bot is online.

### `version`

This command is used to check the version of the bot.

### `clear`

This command is used to clear messages in a channel.

## CONTRIBUTORS

- [Eliott-B](https://github.com/Eliott-B)

## LICENSE

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

## HELP

If you need help, you can contact me on Discord: `.eliottb`

## DONATE

If you want to support me, you can donate on [BuyMeACoffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/eliottb)

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/eliottb"><img src="https://img.buymeacoffee.com/button-api/?text=Buy me a coffee&emoji=&slug=eliottb&button_colour=FFDD00&font_colour=000000&font_family=Cookie&outline_colour=000000&coffee_colour=ffffff" /></a>
